BarCode Tricks by, XlogicX
--------------------------
There are a few ways to purchase a product with the price of another.
Before I talk about that though, I’ll review the meaning of the bars
and numbers on the bar code. After that, I’ll explain tricks like
“inking” and the “sticker.” REVIEW: What bar-space combination
will make a meaningful number? For UPC-A, there is about 23 different
meaningful characters: 1 start guard, 1 center guard, 1 stop guard, 10
left hand data characters, and 10 right hand data characters. I
specify right and left because the code is different on each side.
Imagine the data characters as 7-bit binary words; where the 0 is a
space, and a 1 is a line.  Notice that all left-hand characters start
with a 0 and end with a 1. Also, the right hand side is just the
compliment of the left-hand side; so if the bit were a 0 on the left
for a certain character, it would be a 1 on the right for the same
character. Another thing to notice is that there are two variable
width spaces and lines per character, no more, no less.  Imagine that
start and stop as a 3-bit character and the data being 101. These
characters appear at the beginning and end of the code. The center
guard is the 5-bit character 01010, it appears in the center. Now that
we know how the characters are formed, how about the meaning of the
numbers? The first number specifies what kind of application the bar
code will have. 0, 6, and 7 mean that it is a normal UPC code. A 2
means it is a weighted item like produce. 3 is the National Drug and
Health related code. A 4 means it is specific to that store. A 5 means
it is a coupon, notice the “5” in the Coupon Trick article by
Charles in 20:2. The other numbers are reserved. The next five
characters (2-6) are the manufacturers code. For example, Post Grape
Nuts is 0 43000 10370 8, and Post Waffle Crisps is 0 43000 10540 5.
All Post products should have 43000 for digits 2-6. If a manufacturer
has more than 100,000 different products, such as the store brand,
then you might see different codes for the same brand in digits 2-6.
The next five characters (7-11) are the product code. The last
character is the check-sum, though it’s a little more than a sum. To
derive it by hand, you take the 1st, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 9th, and 11th
numbers and add them up. Multiply that sum by three. Then add all the
remaining numbers to that. Now what you want to do is add a number to
that sum that will give you a number with the multiple of ten. The
number you chose for that, is the checksum. The original code that
Charles had was 5 21000 23030 8. 5+1+0+2+0+0 = 8. 8 * 3 =24.
24+2+0+0+3+3 = 32. 32+8 = 40, the next closest multiple of 10
(checksum being 8). THE SELF-CHECKOUT SWITCH: Prices may vary in this
example. You purchase 2 32oz Power-Aids ($1.49) and a 32oz Gatorade
($1.29) for the price of 3 Gatorades ($.40 savings). First, scan
Gatorade, place it on the demagnetizer, and then put the Power-Aid in
the bag/(scale). Do the same for next Power-Aid, and then do the
Gatorade finally. The advantages of this method are that it is
mechanically easy and doesn’t require much knowledge. The
disadvantages of this method are that it only works for self-check
out, and the supervisor of the self-checkout may still find your
activities suspicious. Also, you need to find things around the same
weight. THE STICKER: I didn’t purchase any software for this and
couldn’t find any freeware that would get the size how I wanted it.
I didn’t look very hard though. I did it in Paint; making each small
line and space one pixel wide and having the whole bar code about 86
pixels vertically. The whole barcode should be about 98 pixels wide. I
selected the area from 0,0 to 102,88 coordinates and copied (not
arbitrary). I pasted this into Word and stretched it horizontally by 2
of their units. After printing, it looks exactly like a barcode, size
and everything. It also leaves enough room for the correct numbers to
show through, so if I get caught, there’s a backup plan. The
advantages of this is that you don’t need the extra Gatorade to buy
a Power-Aid at Gatorade price, just print the barcode on a sticker and
slap it on the Power-Aid. Another advantage is now you can go to
normal checkout. Depending on the cashier, they probably won’t
notice the sticker, and if you strike some conversation with them,
they won’t notice a different product on their monitor. You may want
to purchase a couple legitimate things to throw them off though. This
method also looks less suspicious than the self-checkout switch. One
down side is that you could still get caught if the sticker is
identified or if a different product is noticed by a cashier (or
supervisor of self-checkout). INKING: This is my favorite method, and
by far the least useful. What you do is take a non-glossy pen and
widen some lines to change the code. This is hard to do, since the
changed line should actually be a number, the changed numbers should
actually be a product, and the product should hopefully be cheaper. I
made myself a chart of the convertible numbers on the left and right
side, respectively.  A practical example would be converting those two
Post products I demonstrated earlier. Grape Nuts was 0 43000 103708,
and Waffle Crisps was 0 43000 10540 5. To change Grape Nuts to Waffle
Crisps, you convert the 3 to a five, the 7 to a 4, and the 8 to a five
(notice they’re all on the right side since the manufacture part
would be the same).  Although this is a limited method, as long as
it’s not done in front of a camera, you probably will not get
caught. You would also get Uber-Hardcore points for doing it this way,
I’ve only done this once successfully, and have definitely got it
wrong a couple times. - Shouts: Prof. Tomasi, Evin, and 2600 Phoenix