Fun at the Movies by, XlogicX
==============================
Before I get started, I should specify that this file is not about computer
hacking. This file focuses more on physical security and possibly a small amount
of social engineering. I would also like to dedicate this file to the MPAA.
After having to watch theses pre-preview propaganda clips of greedy movie
corporations moaning about how we are stealing virtually un-accountable money
from them by downloading their movies, not to add that theses clips are viewed
by the people that actually went to the theatre and typically paid for a ticket,
not the ones at home watching the download, I’ve then decided to share my
tricks on how to enjoy the movies at the theater and pay less. Some of these
tricks are well known, and some may not be. I hope that I may teach a few new
ideas, or at least motivate people to practice the established techniques some
more.

First, I will list some helpful equipment to bring along. Next, I will talk a
little bit on foot printing the system. And last, I will get into the methods
for discounted and even free movies. Before I get into the equipment, there is
one general tip I have that will make you at least twice as successful. It’s
one of the oldest social engineering tricks in the book: confidence. Act like
you belong, you will rarely be hassled this way, even if they have suspicion
that your up to no good, just be confident and act offended that they would even
question your justified place at the movies.

EQUIPMENT:

 Though you can do about everything in this file unprepared, this equipment
makes things easier.

CELL PHONES: Great tool for communication on the more complicated teamwork
methods. Also, if one of the people gets caught and kicked out, it would be nice
to communicate this with everyone else, especially the driver (unless everyone
took separate cars).

EXTRA T-SHIRT: Try wearing a T-shirt of contrasting colors to your other shirt
underneath (one blue the other red, white/black, green/orange). This way, if the
pressure gets hot, you can make a quick stop to a bathroom or dark theater and
change profile.

RADIO: If you have an extra Motorola radio lying around or something similar,
this would be very useful to see if you’re being tracked. Also, this could be
pretty fun if you learn their unit #s and start imitating some of them. The
possibilities could get pretty hardcore that way. I should have a separate file
available for some common radio codes. You could also just find out what channel
they use and put your radio on it, then just keep the transmit button down to
jam their transmission, this way they have more trouble communicating where you
are.

FOOT PRINTING:

 Also not necessary for most methods, this can be very useful in others.
Sometime when you’re in the building (legit or not) try making a mental
blueprint of the place. Or you could actually make a sketch if you’re that
hardcore, and in that case scan the sketch and post it for the rest of us. The
most important things to map are theater rooms (with corresponding number),
bathrooms, back halls/stairwells, and cameras. Also make sure to note what
theater number corresponds to what outside exit. Make special notes of what
outside exits aren’t monitored by camera. 

TRICKS OF THE TRADE:

 TICKET HOP TRICK: This one is the most common trick, also very easy. Typically
you purchase a legit ticket like a normal movie watcher, then enjoy your movie
as normal. Instead of exiting the building after the movie is finished, just
search around the building for another movie that starts at a convenient time
(which happens to typically be displayed above the door). This is easy since you
already are past their main security device; the “ticket ripper.” Some
people make a temporary stop to the bathroom to loose some heat. Doing that is
probably totally unnecessary; just confidently walk to the next movie like you
paid for it. I’ve never been kicked out of a theatre doing this; I’ve been
very obvious and verbal to my friends about what we’re doing, while we’re
doing it, in front of staff. I bet I wouldn’t even get stopped if I wore a
shirt that said “I ticket hop.” This trick doesn’t work when they check
the ticket at the theater room door.

MAIN EXIT TRICK: There are usually main exit doors (and double doors) very close
to the entrance doors (or sometimes to the sides or back of the building. About
all of them I’ve seen are glass doors.

If possible, pick one of those exits that have the least surveillance. If it has
a camera monitoring it, that’s still ok. Wait until some one exits and walk in
when the door is opened. It’s advisable to do this when none of the staff is
watching.

If you feel you’re being watched, this would be a great time to make use of
your extra T-shirt. Just go into a bathroom and put the undershirt over the one
on the outside. If you can do this in a theater room, then choose that over the
bathroom, since some security is starting to get a little hip to the bathroom
thing. Stairwells can be good too, since most of them I’ve seen haven’t been
monitored by cameras.

BUY 1, GET THE REST FREE TRICK: This is very similar to the main exit trick,
except now you have an insider. This person will purchase the ticket and get
access into the theater. This makes the main exit trick easier for the rest of
the group since your more in control of the timing.

Although the main exit is all and good. The back theater room exits work really
nicely here. This is where the blueprint and cell phones come in handy.
Sometimes (and often), there will be at least one exit door not on camera. One
time all of them had cameras, but one of them was pointed at the sky, woops. Try
to know what theater number this exit is correlated with too. One person will
purchase the ticket and wait outside that theatre room until the movie is over
and people start leaving. This is when you go to the exit of that room and let
the rest of the people in. You can now exit with the rest of the group (into the
building hallways, not from building). You can also do all of the previously
mentioned methods to loose heat at this time.

This can still be done if the exit is monitored. Make sure the people on the
outside are not hanging around the exit while the movie is going. When the movie
is finished, the person on the outside gives one of the people on the outside a
heads-up call to go to the exit. The person lets the group on the outside in.
While in the dark theater room, this is the best time to switch shirts, and then
exit with the rest. Fragmenting your group would help too. Then meet up in a few
minutes.

FRONT DOOR, NO TICKET: This trick is hardcore, there’s a good chance you can
get kicked out, and it’s my favorite. The basic idea is to walk right past the
ticket ripper with no ticket, then go walk into the movie you want to see.
Although this trick could be that simple, typically it’s not. There may be
many ways to do this, I’ll give mine. First, before you go in, get close to
the area that you purchase tickets. Note what the current time is and subtract
about 2 hours from that. Look for a movie that starts around that time and
remember it. If it’s a comedy movie, subtract about 1.5 hours. If you’re
really hardcore, you can see how long the movie is at moviefone.com. The point
is to see when the movie ends though.

Now, as your walking past the ticket ripper, keep a steady casual pace, remember
the confidence. If he/she tries to get your attention or tries to tell you to
stop, just say you lost your cell phone or keys. This is where you can volunteer
what movie it was in. This whole time, never slow you pace; keep walking past
the ticket ripper as you answer the question. If he says that you can’t do
that, just continue walking and repeat that you need to find your cell
phone/keys.

You should probably try and loose any heat that you get too, it gets simple with
practice. It’s harder for them when you’re mixed with the crowd, and
remember, you belong there. Once the pressure is gone, it would be a good time
to let the rest of your friends in through the theater room exits.

I've been able to just ask for permission to look for my phone before. Sometimes
it works, but sometimes they have an employee go with you. It's worth a try
though, since they can't really kick you out if you aren't able to find your
phone in front of the employee, you probably lost it somewhere else.

Oh, and if you have the time, when your done with the movie, you might as well
do some ticketless-ticket-hopping.

SNACKS:

 BRING YOUR OWN: Pretty straight forward, just get your food somewhere else
where it’s actually affordable (with exception to Wal-Mart) and bring it with.
Typically, you don’t even need to hide it. I ordered a gigantahuge meal and
largantic drink from Jack n The Box. I held the stuff in the same hand I was
holding my ticket in…while giving the ticket to the ticket ripper. Still, if
you can hide the food, I guess it doesn’t hurt. If someone tells you to throw
it away while you’re already in, just nod and walk towards a trash…and walk
right past it. The staff may yell, but I couldn’t see them chasing you. But if
they did, this is a time to make a run for it, plan to get caught, go down with
a long drawn out struggle. I say this because not only would this be more
entertaining than a movie, but the staff will look like a bunch of fools for
tackling you because you smuggled in some tea.

FREE POPCORN: This trick might disgust some people, but it’s more sanitary
then it sounds. There are some theaters that’ll let you have a free refill if
you purchase their largest bag of popcorn. They typically stamp or hole-punch
the bag when you go for a refill, so you can’t do it again. Most people
don’t take advantage of this even though some of them intended to when they
bought the large bag (this is the whole idea for the theater).

What you do is find one of these nice crisp bags in the trash. It’s actually
not too difficult to find a clean one on the top. And unless the customer licked
the inside of the bag, there isn’t a very likely reason that the bag would be
goobered. Get the bag, and take it to the food lobby for a refill. Not only is
it free, but it’s also large.

Also, if this sounds too disgusting, go get the popcorn anyway without eating
it. This will make you look like a paying customer, hence less suspicious. Last
time a friend and I did this, we only ate half the bag, and through the rest at
the people in front of us.

GETTING CAUGHT:

This is why it is so easy to have confidence; you don’t have much to loose.
Really, the worst thing that could happen is that they will throw you out, or if
they’re really mad, not let you come back again. You could either call it a
day, or if you’re a real punk, just do it again and again until they really do
kick you out for life…and then walk in again. I’m kind of joking, going that
far could get you arrested for trespassing at that point, but that would be
something to brag about when they ask “what are you in for.” 

SOME LAST NOTES:

It is very possible that I could have left out some very creative techniques, or
very useful ones even. So if any of you have any good ideas, help me make this
file bigger by appending your methods or stories. Blueprints would be helpful
too. I’ll try to make a few.   

EXTRA MATERIAL - BY XCON0

 PAY & RETURN: As you well know, if you try to return a ticket after the movie,
whilst bitching about the poor quality et al, you're very unlikely to get your $
back, at any rate this involves an unecesarily level of SE, you shouldn't have
to apply. The solution? Return your ticket before the movie starts! Works like
this: you and your mate buy tickets and go inside the theater. Your mate hands
you his stub, and you walk back out, telling the usher you're just going to get
something from your auto. Once outside, go back to the booth where you bought
the tix, and tell the cashier that there's been a family emergency and you have
to leave, 'will you please refund these'...and hand her the stubs. Now, walk
back inside (making sure the cashier doesn't see you), and go back inside the
theater. Nod to the usher, who'll recognize you, and there you go :)

REVIEWER: Another elegant method is to pose as a magazine/periodical reviewer.
Call the theater a couple days prior to your movie night, and ask to speak to
the manager. Proceed to tell her that you work for a local community paper, and
you do movie/theater reviews, and your editor requires that you call ahead of
time to ask if the theater offers promotional passes. The manager will add your
name to a pass-list and may even come out himself to talk to you and answer any
questions you may have for your review. The important part here is to CALL
AHEAD, so the manager knows you're coming. Props to bring with you include a
notepad and pen, and if you're "hardcore" (:P), make up business cards as well.

FAKE EMPLOYEE: And a third method that has relative success goes like this: some
theaters have a 'pass list' the cashiers keep next to them. You can say that
you're an employee of the theater (depending on the cashier they may or may not
ask for ID, a little bit of research that will allow you to do some persuasive
name dropping "yeah, Marv just hired me last week..." can help here).

AND ABOUT POPCORN: to deal with the hole punching, simply tear that piece of the
bag off, and then tear it some more. At the counter simply say 'yeah, tripped
over t he damn bag in the dark...'