Kool Numberz: The Quickest Way to Cool! by, fsock
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fascinated by phreaking? Want to taste the excitement of telephonic
exploration, but just don’t have the time? Well, this article is for
you! With this simple method, you’ll fly through the phone lines,
finding the coolest numbers before you can say “toll fraud!” This
article details the items you need to scan and how and where to scan
to find the coolest numbers, quick. Let’s begin with the few free
things you need to start impressing friends and family with cool
numbers right away! Let’s go! First, you need toll access. You
likely have a cell phone or a VoIP line, and if you’re lucky you big
spender you, you have a land line with toll access. You will be making
“long distance" calls within the NANPA, most likely the US and
Canada. Next you need internet access. Yes, you need to access the
online to get the infos on the juiciest exchanges. You will need a
text editor or word processor. Notepad++ on Windows or nano on Linux
are examples. Mac is not supported for cool stuff.  The last thing you
need is your finger. Because you’ll be di, di, dialing your way to
cool in no time! It helps to have a desktop set with programmable
dialing so you can at least program the *67 1, or more if you find a
particularly interesting exchange. With everything in place, head to
bellsmind.net [1] and click “frontend” to access the Bell’s Mind
NPA-NXX/CLLI search. That’s where you’ll determine where to scan.
Enter the NPA of the area you’re interested in to get a list of
exchanges. Cycle through the list of assigned exchanges to find those
assigned to RBOCs or CLECs. Once you find one, start dialing from 9990
to 9999 to find the coolest numbers. Once you find one, record it in
your text editor using the BM2L format so you can easily share and
search your numbers later on. What’s that you say? You want to save
even more time? Ok! You can even just dial 9999 to find cool numbers!
Wow! What kind of numbers will you find? Test lines, parked error
messages, carriers, voicemail access lines and more! So you found a
cool number, what now? Record the number and see if you can extend its
coolfulness. If it’s a voicemail system hit * or #. Try biblical
names in directories, like Michael, Paul and John, and try passwords
like 1111, 1234 and the extension. If you find cool numbers, maybe
extend your scan. Try different one-thousand blocks, like 0000 to
0009. Or go to handscan.net and generate a 100 or 1000 list and scan
the day away! The limits are limitless! With this simple scanning
method, you too can show cool numbers to your friends and family and
the get the same blank stares a real phreak gets in no time! So scan
safe, my friend, remember to write those numbers down and use a cool
accent when someone answers. Because you’re officially a phreak!
With Kool Numberz! Guaranteed!

Links:
------
[1] http://bellsmind.net