Not Working At A Call Center
============================
Posted by, XlogicX on 2008-08-28 03:18:52

Back when I was in high school I worked at a call center, a job many of us have
came across. I've done a variety of call center jobs: inbound credit card
activation, outbound telemarketing (didn't last very long), and outbound
surveys. Right now I'm back to the call center after years working as a
rent-a-cop. I now do tech-support, and I'm reminded of a trick that still works:
How to not work a whole shift by using the phone system.

DISCOVERY:
It all started back at the original call center while working with some friends.
We had a 30 minute lunch and two normal ten-minute breaks. We also had an extra
ten minutes of break that could be used however we wanted. We could take three
three-minute 20-second breaks or five two-minute breaks> My good friend noticed
a timing pattern in the queue we got after taking a break.

Say we had a 15-minute wait between calls normally. After taking a break, we
would be waiting on the phone for just about 15 minutes until we got a call. My
friend looked over the supervisor's monitor and saw that after logging back into
the phone, that user would be placed at the bottom of the queue. This doesn't
sound like too big of a deal; most people know that this type of system works
this way. It's only fair that the agent isn't bombarded with calls right after
break. But that's not how the mind of a hacker things. How could this be used in
a way it's not intended to be used.

THE EXPLOIT:
It's the extra ten minutes. Knowing that there was a 15-minute wait period, my
friend would wait ten minutes and take a one-second break. Fifteen minutes after
the break, he got a call. To recap, that is 25 minutes between calls. After
trying this, he took a one-second break every ten minutes for the remainder of
the shift. For that entire period of time, he mysteriously didn't get any more
calls. He told us of his discovery the next day. So for our entire shift, none
of us took a single call – for a whole eight-hour shift!

On most call center phone systems, this is an “aux” code. There are
different aux codes for different reasons: lunch, training, data entry, break,
etc. For this exploit, we used the aux code for a break (Aux #2 where I work
now, on an AVAYA phone system). It was OK at the original call center because
nobody paid any attention to the logs for breaks as long as we weren't exceeding
our ten-minute limit to our extra break time. You may not want to try the method
that lets you not take any calls, but there is another way to reduce calls that
probably won't get you caught, though it won't give you as much free time as the
above method. Say you notice that there are about 16 minutes in between calls
and you are about read to go on a break or lunch. Most people wait until they
finish a call and then take a break. In our case, wait 15 minutes (or as close
as you can without actually getting the call) after your last call, and then go
on break. Those are 15 whole minutes of easy money, and you'll probably end up
doing this four times in a shift. So that can add up to about an extra hour of
no work in each eight-hour shift!

CONCLUSION:
Turns out this same old trick works at the call center I just started at. I'm
not going to be using it anymore though; this place audits a lot more. It
wouldn't have been a big deal to lose my job in high school, but now that it
gets me food and a place to sleep, I don't want to mess around as much at work.
I still may end up using the trick of waiting after a call before lunch though,
as this is less noticeable. By they way, I did end up getting fired from that
original job while I was in high school. I guess putting a hard drive magnet up
to a non-degaussable monitor wasn't the right thing to do, especially when the
monitor was in the cube next to me with someone using it at the time. They said
they would call me back if they needed further help. It's been a while.

Shouts: Evin, Skyler, Dual_Parallel.