The Joys of Rooting Your Android Phone by, HalfSight
----------------------------------------------------
I get a lot of people asking me exactly why I root my phone. My general response
to this inquiry is why don’t you root your phone? Once someone has achieved
the initial root exploit, rooting is pretty easy. There are guides every where
on the net for rooting your android phone. The most popular group for rooting
are the teams over at XDA Developers (http://www.xda-developers.com/). There are
many other rooting websites popping up all over the Internet, XDA is simply the
largest and has the most content. You can also do a search for your phone model
on Google and you will receive hits to www.theunlockr.com for many excellent
guides on gaining root access. If you have a Moto Droid feel free to check out
www.Droidforums.net for the latest guides to rooting your phone.

“What is root?” People ask me this question all the time. Root on a Linux or
Android phone is the equivalent of Administrator control on a Windows machine.
Having Root access gives you unrestricted control over almost every aspect of
the operating system. This unprecedented control opens up many possibilities.
From Internet Tethering of your data connection to being able to make a backup
of the current state of your OS. Rooting your phone unlocks the potential of
your OS and hardware. You can install Android flavors from other devices and
there are many more customization options.

If a device can be built it can be broken. Many phone manufacturers frown upon
the practice of taking root control of android phones. With the exception of a
couple of HTC Google branded phones,  most phones take some time to exploit. I
have seen Root on a phone before it was released and up to 6 months after the
release. It is all a matter of how complicated the manufacturer made the
bootloader. One example of this is the new Droid X. This phone was built with a
locked bootloader. This can only be unlocked with proprietary keys from
Motorola. However, someone has at least rooted this phone. Now you may ask,
“But doesn’t rooted mean they can do all the stuff you talked about?” The
answer is a resounding no. Although you may get root access on the Moto Droid X,
you cannot change the locked bootloader, which stops you from loading a custom
OS, or ROM as it is more commonly referred too.

One of the most dedicated Android Community Developers is Steve Kondik, A.K.A.
Cyanogen. Cyanogen is the most infamous coder in the community. His ROMs are
smooth and usable. This coder writes from google source and has formed a team
that is developing the Official CyanogenMod 6 version for the Nexus One, Droid,
G1, myTouch 3G, Desire, Incredible and the Evo. The CyanogenMod team seems to be
taking over the android world, with fragmentation becoming less of an issue if
you are rooted with CyanogenMod.